- make sure that all stable invisible particles are removed
check code in CMSSW (fastsim?) to get the list

- focus on jet simulation 

- define the boundaries between gen and sim. 
do sim in the python for now? 
gen: 
	generator
	gen particles for jets / in fact, THE collection of gen particles.
	gen jets 


X - generalize jet clustering producer
	ok now reading a view 

X - write particles to EDM and look at them with ROOT 

- could validate my gen jet clustering on GenParticles, with the one of CMS running on the same collection of gen particles. 


X- integrate fast jet and make particle jets
	X fastjet integrated and running 
	X need to finalize it
		now writing leafcandidates
		moved to antikt 
		important params implemented
- start with barrel region
need to see what to do with HF (be pragmatic and shoot particles there?) 

- shoot single particles to measure PF thresholds and resolution
set up a gun source here, and a gun cfg
set up python analysis framework to do these measurements 


X integrate gen jet clustering in FFW
X see Common sequences - note fix for muons

X Generate more events, like 10000
	get an idea of computing needs
	check speed of python framework for parametrization


Start generating the events I need for the WWH analysis. 
	check patrick's slides again to see which processes are needed
	find pythia config for these processes
	HZHA: is it integrated in CMSSW?  -> ask Patrick

Can I reuse Patrick's LEP3 samples? 
	check event format. 

X - integrate the param sim in this pyanalysis
X - implement simple jet smearing
X - add tree system.
	ok for jets

MAIN OBJECTIVE NOW!
- need gen information for the gen jets:
	- flavour of jet initiating partons
	- check scale for each flavour. 
- need to deal with taus 
- check JES before corrections 
- deal with the charge. 

- leptons and jets 
	X read gen particles 
	X generic smearing 
	X smear ele and mu: 
		note: pT or energy dependence? 
		eff ele and mu
	decide on how to choose between leptons and jets .

